# SKO
Jarrett Heng
Creating this website has been invaluable in helping me grow as a designer, as I have learnt how to translate my abstract ideas into a structured digital design. This webpage was inspired through my case studies of John Warwicker and Dark Mofo's influencial projects, through these case studies, it has helped me dive deeper into how design and interactivity can evoke reponses that go beyond static content. This webpage is my personal reflection of what I have learnt throughout the weeks of codeWords 2024 studio, during the course there were many elements that helped me develop myself as a designer. From learning about paper protoypes that help me generate quick ideas that can be further refined to learning technical skills in coding, I feel that I have grown in skillsets as well as develop myself as a designer and that I can use the knowledge as well as skills that I have learnt to apply to my future design practices and projects. I used a variety of technical and conceptual techniques in the construction of this webpage. I was able to create a fluid and captivating user experience by using seamless scrolling and an easy-to-use navigation mechanism, which can successfully guide users through the tiered themes. When I think back on my journey throughout this course, I have improved not only my technical proficiency with web development tools but also my comprehension of how design decisions can be effective storytelling devices in interactive media. As I continue to investigate the connections between digital design and user interaction, this project serves as a reflection of my development in striking a balance between creativity and functionality.
